Document more MSTest attributes and APIs (#50979)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/unit-testing-mstest-writing-tests-attributes.md

    [DynamicData(nameof(GetTestData), IgnoreMessage = "Feature not ready")]
    public void TestMethod(int value1, string value2)
    {
        // All test cases from GetTestData will be skipped
    }

    public static IEnumerable<object[]> GetTestData()
    {
        yield return new object[] { 1, "first" };
        yield return new object[] { 2, "second" };
    }
}
```

> [!NOTE]
> To ignore individual test cases when using <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.DynamicDataAttribute>, use the `TestDataRow` class with its `IgnoreMessage` property (see [TestDataRow](#testdatarow) section).

#### TestDataRow

The <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.TestDataRow-1> class provides enhanced control over test data in data-driven tests. When using `IEnumerable<TestDataRow<T>>` as the return type for your dynamic data source, you can specify additional metadata for each test case, such as custom display names and test properties.

`TestDataRow<T>` offers the following benefits:

- **Custom display names**: Set a unique display name for each test case using the <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.TestDataRow-1.DisplayName> property.

> - **Test categories**: Attach metadata to individual test cases using the <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.TestDataRow-1.TestCategories> property.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Test categories**: Attach metadata to individual test cases using the `TestCategories` property.
```

- **Type-safe data**: Use the generic `TestDataRow<T>` to provide strongly-typed test data.

```csharp
[TestClass]
public class TestClass
{
    [TestMethod]
    [DynamicData(nameof(GetTestDataRows))]
    public void TestMethod(int value1, string value2)
    {
        // Test implementation
    }

    public static IEnumerable<TestDataRow> GetTestDataRows()
    {
        yield return new TestDataRow((1, "first"))
        {
            DisplayName = "Test Case 1: Basic scenario"
        };
        
        yield return new TestDataRow((2, "second"))
        {
            DisplayName = "Test Case 2: Edge case",
            TestProperties = { ["Priority"] = "High", ["Category"] = "Critical" }
        };
    }
}
```

### `UnfoldingStrategy` property

> Data-driven test attributes like <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.DataRowAttribute> and <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.DynamicDataAttribute> support the <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.UnfoldingStrategy> property, which controls how test cases appear in Test Explorer and TRX results. This property also determines whether individual test cases can be run independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data-driven test attributes like <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.DataRowAttribute> and <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.DynamicDataAttribute> support the <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.TestDataSourceUnfoldingStrategy> property, which controls how test cases appear in Test Explorer and TRX results. This property also determines whether individual test cases can be run independently.
```

The `UnfoldingStrategy` property accepts the following values:

- <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.UnfoldingStrategy.Auto?displayProperty=nameWithType> (default): MSTest automatically determines whether to unfold test cases based on the number of data rows. Test cases are collapsed (folded) when there are many data rows to avoid cluttering Test Explorer, and unfolded when there are few data rows for better visibility.

> - <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.UnfoldingStrategy.Unfold?displayProperty=nameWithType>: All test cases are expanded and shown individually in Test Explorer and TRX results. Each test case can be run independently.

Author: ```suggestion
- <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.TestDataSourceUnfoldingStrategy.Unfold?displayProperty=nameWithType>: All test cases are expanded and shown individually in Test Explorer and TRX results. Each test case can be run independently.
```

- <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.UnfoldingStrategy.Fold?displayProperty=nameWithType>: All test cases are collapsed into a single test node. Individual test cases can't be run independently; the entire data-driven test runs as one unit.

For most scenarios, the default `Auto` behavior provides the best balance between usability and performance. Changing this setting is considered an advanced scenario and should only be done when you have specific requirements, such as non-deterministic data source or known limitations or bugs of MSTest.

```csharp
[TestClass]
public class TestClass
{

>     [TestMethod(UnfoldingStrategy = UnfoldingStrategy.Unfold)] // Force unfolding/expanding

Author: ```suggestion
    [TestMethod(UnfoldingStrategy = TestDataSourceUnfoldingStrategy.Unfold)] // Force unfolding/expanding
```

## Attributes used to control test execution

The following attributes can be used to modify the way tests are executed.

### Threading attributes

These attributes control the threading model for test execution.

#### `STATestClassAttribute`

When applied to a test class, the [STATestClass](xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.STATestClassAttribute) attribute indicates that all test methods (and the `[ClassInitialize]` and `[ClassCleanup]` methods) in the class should be run in a single-threaded apartment (STA). This attribute is useful when the test methods interact with COM objects that require STA.

> [!NOTE]
> This is only supported on Windows and in version 3.6 and later.

#### `STATestMethodAttribute`

When applied to a test method, the [STATestMethod](xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.STATestMethodAttribute) attribute indicates that the test method should be run in a single-threaded apartment (STA). This attribute is useful when the test method interacts with COM objects that require STA.

> [!NOTE]
> This is only supported on Windows and in version 3.6 and later.

#### `UITestMethodAttribute`

> When applied to a test method, the `UITestMethod` attribute indicates that the test method should be scheduled on the UI thread of the platform. This attribute is specifically designed for testing UWP (Universal Windows Platform) and WinUI applications that require UI thread access.

Author: It's non-existent, I'll create a bug.

It's also possible to specify the maximum number of threads to use for parallel execution. A value of `0` (default value) means that the number of threads is equal to the number of logical processors on the machine.

It is also possible to specify the parallelism through the [parallelization properties of the runsettings file](./unit-testing-mstest-configure.md#mstest-element).

#### `DoNotParallelizeAttribute`

The [DoNotParallelize](xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.DoNotParallelizeAttribute) attribute can be used to prevent parallel execution of tests in a given assembly. This attribute can be applied at the assembly level, class level or method level.

> [!NOTE]
> By default, MSTest runs tests in sequential order so you only need to use this attribute if you have applied the assembly level [Parallelize](xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.ParallelizeAttribute) attribute.

### Timeout and retry attributes

These attributes control test execution time limits and retry behavior.

#### `TimeoutAttribute`

> The [Timeout](xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.TimeoutAttribute) attribute can be used to specify the maximum time in milliseconds that a test method is allowed to run. If the test method runs longer than the specified time, the test will be aborted and marked as failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Timeout](xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.TimeoutAttribute) attribute can be used to specify the maximum time in milliseconds that a test method is allowed to run. If the test method runs longer than the specified time, the test is aborted and marked as failed.
```

This attribute can be applied to any test method or any fixture method (initialization and cleanup methods). It is also possible to specify the timeout globally for either all test methods or all test fixture methods by using the [timeout properties of the runsettings file](./unit-testing-mstest-configure.md#mstest-element).

> [!NOTE]

> > The timeout is not guaranteed to be precise. The test will be aborted after the specified time has passed, but it might take longer before the step is cancelled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The timeout isn't guaranteed to be precise. The test is be aborted after the specified time passes, but it might take longer before the step is cancelled.
```

The following attributes and the values assigned to them appear in the `Visual Studio` **Properties** window for a particular test method. These attributes aren't meant to be accessed through the code of the test. Instead, they affect the ways the test is used or run, either by you through the IDE of Visual Studio, or by the Visual Studio test engine. For example, some of these attributes appear as columns in the **Test Manager** window and **Test Results** window, which means that you can use them to group and sort tests and test results. One such attribute is <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.TestPropertyAttribute>, which you use to add arbitrary metadata to tests.

> For example, you could use it to store the name of a "test pass" that this test covers, by marking the test with `[TestProperty("Feature", "Accessibility")]`. Or, you could use it to store an indicator of the kind of test it is with `[TestProperty("ProductMilestone", "42")]`. The property you create by using this attribute, and the property value you assign, are both displayed in the Visual Studio **Properties** window under the heading **Test specific**.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, you could use it to store the name of a "test pass" that this test covers, by marking the test with `[TestProperty("Feature", "Accessibility")]`. Or, you could use it to store an indicator of the kind of test it's with `[TestProperty("ProductMilestone", "42")]`. The property you create by using this attribute, and the property value you assign, are both displayed in the Visual Studio **Properties** window under the heading **Test specific**.
```
